OSDOCS-14366 Additional context about the multi-flow filtering capability, updated yaml (#92375)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/network-observability-ebpf-rule-flow-filter.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="network-observability-ebpf-flow-rule-filter_{context}"]
= eBPF flow rule filter

> You can use rule-based filtering to control the volume of packets cached in the eBPF flow table. For example, a filter can specify that only packets coming from port 100 should be captured. Then only the packets that match the filter are captured and the rest are dropped.

Reviewer: I know this isn't a section added in this PR, but I just realize it's at the wrong place, it shouldn't be under "Overview view", there's nothing specific to eBPF filters in that view. Maybe it should be merged with the other section below? Honestly, this is pure configuration, there's nothing specific to these filters in the UI.

Reviewer: Well yes it has an impact, some flows that would be visible without the filters won't show up anymore as they are filtered out, but there's nothing tell you directly that there has been filters configured, it's more implicit.

Author: Hey @jotak ,

Ah, OK. Thanks for the additional context.

At the moment, it sets up "7.1.6.1 Ingress and egress traffic filtering," and "7.1.6.2 Dashboard metrics and integrations", and "Dashboard metrics and integrations" looks to have a UI component: "Netobserv/Health dashboard for eBPF agent statistics now has the Filtered flows rate view. " 

You can see all of 7.1.6 here: https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_container_platform/4.18/html-single/network_observability/index#network-observability-ebpf-flow-rule-filter_nw-observe-network-traffic

Seems like maybe its placement should be revisited. That is outside the scope of this Jira issue, so I created a new Jira for it: https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OSDOCS-14555 . 

Thank you!

> You can use rule-based filtering to control the volume of packets cached in the eBPF flow table. For example, a filter can specify that only packets coming from port 100 should be recorded. Then only the packets that match the filter are cached and the rest are not cached.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can use rule-based filtering to control the volume of packets cached in the eBPF flow table. For example, a filter can specify that only packets coming from port 100 should be captured. Then only the packets that match the filter are captured and the rest are dropped.
```
some colloquial terminologies.

> You can apply multiple features, and multiple filter rules.

Reviewer 3: Remove features

[id="ingress-and-egress-traffic-filtering_{context}"]
== Ingress and egress traffic filtering

> CIDR notation efficiently represents IP address ranges by combining the base IP address with a prefix length. For both ingress and egress traffic, the source IP address is first used to match filter rules configured with CIDR notation. If there is a match, then the filtering proceeds. If there is no match, then the destination IP is used to match filter rules configured with CIDR notation.

Author: Note to self: check if CIDR is spelled out anywhere/first mention

Author: It was not. Addressed. Resolving.
